okay hey you to the shops 508 and
earlier you saw my friend just opened a
box thingy the bus and he got prime
material dragon and a bunch of really
good cards so i decided to go get one
myself and fortunately it all out of my
field jeweler so they had twinhead
beasts and I got that one so lets you
again
No
okay help me help it okay so what's the
end yep one wherever that is oh this one
comes with Miss one okay one phantom
darkness of those and a lovely premium
pack better than this aster Phoenix
sounds amazing and it's one hand beats
so here was willya ordeal the traveler
is the exam who fit medicine mission
faith here material card destruction
called the Haunted song shooter ooh
simmer
okay anyways exiled force an MA Inferno
Tempest flame Cerebus meta bad nightmare
penguin so we're paying some weird part
canyon which is the darkness Fisher roi
de Creek haha emblem awakening songbird
hospital sama you can tease kuriboh mr.
space i heard I'm sure you knew that
another rule wish to but another Road go
to Crete yes sonic shooter enjoy yeah Oh
bow Oh back the screed awesome I locks
give them mystical elf how's this I got
you i hope i'll eat rings at home too I
guess I'll protect this one now since I
have it on top defense book of life
ultra operate and get the mystical elf
so you got this card and some other
girls ok so moving on we can put that
aside from far but watch it um which one
did you open now did you open this one
yeah just open after she already knows
it is already hopefully the same thing
yep so we each got ultra-rare already I
got the better I'll traitor phantom
darkness I did you open this or did you
open this lie up above it doesn't
sloping this one is all shining birds so
I have more ciphers that you pop clearly
yeah I'll tax ID cards Zera ritual
Sheldon beetle Lisa V our girls to
shield crushed and Jimmy MCS I don't
have that one set and lastly phantom
darts
you got really nice win fa e dubble
tag-team fire trooper can soldier or
something stupid deep-sea met with your
nose and nothing good you got the nice
time too I will trade you better and
let's pretty much it once again my shiny
cars I got were
headies oh yeah
Jim I am steel truss lady CBI Grasu
javelin beetle syrah ritual helios duo
mix Decius helios primordial Sun so I've
two of those now villain homunculus got
three and a similar odd and pretty much
it um any of you can tell me what this
card is for heavy really good great how
do you know what this is I think I
should ask them for a refund on this
card jelly doubt them giving me but okay
thanks for watching shop is 508 please
rate comment subscribe peace